<h1 style="font-family:Times New Roman" align = "center">SAI-E: Event Camera Based Synthetic Aperture Imaging </h1>

<div style="font-family:Times New Roman" align = "center"><font size="5"><i>Yu Lei, Liao Wei, Zhou Youlong, Yang Wen, Xia Guisong</i></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman" align = "center"><font size ="5"><i> </font><a href="https://en.whu.edu.cn/">WuHan University</a></i></font></div>

<div style="font-family:Times New Roman" align = "center"><font size=4>[pdf]&nbsp&nbsp[Code&Dataset] </font></div>

<h2 style="font-family:Times New Roman" align="center"><i> Abstract <i></h2>

<p><div style="font-family:Times New Roman">  <font size="4">  &nbsp &nbsp&nbsp &nbsp The technique of the synthetic aperture imaging (SAI)
can reconstruct the occluded objects by blurring out the occlusions
through multi-view exposures, which is equivalent to imaging with
the large aperture and low depth of field. However, due to the very
dense disturbances of occlusions and low dynamic range of
traditional cameras, it is hard to effectively reconstruct the
occluded objects by SAI with traditional cameras (SAI-T) under dense
occlusions and extreme light conditions. To address these problems,
we propose a new SAI method based on event cameras which can produce
asynchronous events with extremely low latency and high dynamic
range. Thus, it can eliminate the dense disturbances of occlusions
by measuring with almost continuous views and tackle the problem of
imaging with extreme light conditions. Particularly, the occlusions
can be blurred out and the occluded objects can be reconstructed
from the focused events followed by relating the brightness change
to the generated events. The experimental results demonstrate that
the proposed method can greatly improve the contrast and sharpness
of the reconstructed images under dense occlusion conditions
comparing to the SAI-T. Quantitative comparisons of PSNR and SSIM
also illustrate the superiority of the proposed method. On the other
hand, under extreme light conditions, the proposed method can
effectively solve the over/under exposure problem and reconstruct
the occluded objects clearly.</font></div><p>

<p><img src="highlight_forweb.png" alt="Smiley face" width="800" height="320"></p>

<div style="font-family:Times New Roman"><font size="4">Figure 1. <b>Comparison of traditional camera based SAI and event camera based SAI.</b> The first column are experimental scene and object image. Columns 2, 3, and 4 are correspond to the comparison of conventional camera based SAI results and event camera based SAI results under dense occlusions, extreme high light and extreme low light conditions.</font></div>

